.\" Manpage for satori-cli
.\" Contact support@satori-ci.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 8 "13 Apr 2023" "1.0" "satori-cli man page"
.SH NAME
Satori CI is an automated testing platform that allows you to test throughout the software lifecycle.

.SH SYNOPSIS

satori-cli [dir] [option]

.SH DESCRIPTION

**Dashboard: /api/dashboard**

```
satori-cli                                            # GET /api/dashboard/
```

**Config:**

```
satori-cli config token X                             # no API call
```

**Repository: /api/repo/**

```
satori-cli repo                                       # GET /api/repo/
satori-cli repo satoridev01/HelloWorld                # GET /api/repo/?id=satoridev01/HelloWorld
satori-cli repo satoridev01/HelloWorld commits        # GET /api/repo/commits?id=satoridev01/HelloWorld
satori-cli repo satoridev01/HelloWorld check-commits  # GET /api/repo/check-commits?id=satoridev01/HelloWorld
satori-cli repo satoridev01/HelloWorld check-forks    # GET /api/repo/check-forks?id=satoridev01/HelloWorld
satori-cli repo satoridev01/HelloWorld scan           # GET /api/repo/scan?id=satoridev01/HelloWorld
satori-cli repo satoridev01/HelloWorld scan-stop      # GET /api/repo/scan-stop?id=satoridev01/HelloWorld
satori-cli repo satoridev01/HelloWorld run            # GET /api/repo/run?id=satoridev01/HelloWorld
satori-cli repo satoridev01/HelloWorld/commit123 run  # GET /api/repo/run?id=satoridev01/HelloWorld/commit123
satori-cli repo satoridev01/HelloWorld clean          # GET /api/repo/clean?id=satoridev01/HelloWorld
```

**Monitor: /api/monitor/**

```
satori-cli monitor               #    GET /api/monitor/
satori-cli monitor ABC123        #    GET /api/monitor/?id=ABC123
satori-cli monitor ABC123 start  #    GET /api/monitor/start?id=ABC123
satori-cli monitor ABC123 stop   #    GET /api/monitor/stop?id=ABC123
satori-cli monitor ABC123 delete # DELETE /api/monitor/?id=ABC123
```

**Report: /api/report/**

```
satori-cli report                #    GET /api/report/
satori-cli report DEF456         #    GET /api/report/?id=DEF456
satori-cli report DEF456 output  #    GET /api/report/output?id=DEF456
satori-cli report DEF456 stop    #    GET /api/report/stop?id=DEF456
satori-cli report DEF456 delete  # DELETE /api/report/?id=DEF456
```

**Run: /api/run/**

```
satori-cli run                   #  GET /api/run/
satori-cli run playbook.yml      # POST /api/run/
satori-cli run ./                # POST /api/run/
```

**Playbook**

```
satori-cli playbook                # GET /api/playbook/
satori-cli playbook GHI456         # GET /api/playbook/?id=GHI456
satori-cli playbook GHI456 delete  # DELETE /api/playbook/?id=GHI456
```
.SH OPTIONS
The following options are available for satori-cli:

.TP
\fBconfig default [token]\fR
Use token to set up your account with our CLI tool.

.TP
\fBci\fR
Check how your repositories are connected to our CI. This command will show you what our visibility is on your repositories.

.TP
\fBmonitor\fR
Check that your assets are correctly monitored.

.TP
\fBplaybooks [private or public]\fR
See a list of public playbooks at https://github.com/satorici/playbooks/.

.TP
\fBrun [playbook]\fR
Run a playbook.

.TP
\fBstop\fR
Stop a currently running playbook.

.TP
\fBscan [GithubAccount/Repository]\fR
Scan all your commits.

.SH EXAMPLES
The following examples demonstrate how to use satori-cli:

.TP
\fBsatori-cli config default X\fR
Use token X to set up your account with our CLI tool.

.TP
\fBsatori-cli ci\fR
Check how your repositories are connected to our CI.

.TP
\fBsatori-cli monitor ABC123 start\fR
Start monitoring assets with ID ABC123.

.TP
\fBsatori-cli playbooks public\fR
See a list of public playbooks.

.TP
\fBsatori-cli run playbook.yml\fR
Run the playbook specified in the playbook.yml file.

.TP
\fBsatori-cli stop\fR
Stop a currently running playbook.

.TP
\fBsatori-cli scan satoridev01/HelloWorld\fR
Scan all commits for the satoridev01/HelloWorld repository.

.SH SEE ALSO
The following resources provide additional information about satori-cli:

.TP
https://satori-ci.com/
The official website for Satori CI.



.SH BUGS
No known bugs.

.SH AUTHOR
Satori CI (support@satori-ci.com)
